Summary

The following is a summary of the Competition process and rules. For full details and definitions, please see the Official Rules below.

* To participate in the Competition, you must submit your entry between 5:00 pm Greenwich Mean Time ("GMT") on June 5th, 2018 and 11:59 pm GMT on June 24th, 2018 (the “Entry Period”).

* To enter, you must open a pull request in the [ColonyHackathon GitHub repository](https://github.com/JoinColony/colonyHackathon) before the submission deadline. (See the [readme](https://github.com/JoinColony/colonyHackathon/blob/master/README.md) for further details.)

* The winners of the Competition will be announced on June 29th, 2018 at 5:00 pm GMT, and will be awarded the following prizes: 10,000 DAI awarded for first prize; 5,000 DAI awarded to second prize; 2,000 DAI awarded to third prize; 1,000 DAI each awarded to fourth, fifth and sixth place and 500 DAI each awarded to the next ten runner ups. 

* Read the following Competition process and rules. Participation in the hackathon is acknowledgement and acceptance of these rules.

THE COLONY HACKATHON OFFICIAL RULES

* DESCRIPTION: The Colony Hackathon (the "Competition"). Prizes will be awarded to those eligible Contestants who submit the winning Entries. No purchase is necessary to enter or win.

* SPONSOR: The Competition is sponsored by Collectively Intelligent Ltd (3 Butler House, 49-51 Curtain Road, London, United Kingdom EC2A 3PT ("Colony," or “Sponsor”). The Sponsor is responsible for supporting and hosting the Competition website, administering payment of Prizes, and is responsible for these official rules (the “Rules”) and the application thereof, including but not limited to determining qualified entries and judging.

* BINDING AGREEMENT: In order to submit an entry in the Competition (an "Entry"), a Contestant must first agree to these Rules. You are not required to agree to these Rules (as you may elect not to participate in the Competition), but no one may submit an Entry that would be eligible for any Prizes in the Competition without first agreeing to be bound by these Rules. Each Contestant, including each member of any team or where an Entry is submitted on behalf of a corporation, limited liability company, partnership or other legal entity (any of which being referred to as a “Business Entity”) (a “Business Entity Contestant)” shall be deemed to agree to these Rules, and shall be considered to enter into a legally binding agreement with Colony by submitting an Entry for the Competition, or by clicking a box indicating agreement to be bound by these Rules. Note that capitalized words used in these Rules have the meaning ascribed to them in these Rules.

* CONTESTANTS: In these Rules, we refer to someone who submits an entry for the Competition as a Contestant. Any reference to a Contestant shall include any Business Entity Contestant where applicable. At the time of submitting an Entry, we ask that the individual, team, or business submitting the Entry identify the individual(s) associated with the Entry, and provide the information required by these Rules. A Contestant may submit more than one Entry. Contestants may participate individually or as part of a team or business and may compete for each Prize they are qualified to win (as described below). We regret that we must exclude certain individuals from eligibility as a Contestant, including those Ineligible Persons (as defined below).

SPECIAL APPLICATION OF THE RULES FOR TEAMS AND BUSINESS ENTITY CONTESTANTS:

1. If a Contestant enters as part of a team, the Contestant understands and agrees that, in order for his or her team to be eligible to participate, all of the members of the team must register and accept the Rules. The Contestants assume the responsibility for identifying each member of a team at the time the team submits its Entry, and Colony does not assume any responsibility for checking the identification of team members. The members of a team that are identified with the submission of an Entry shall be final and that team may not add, remove or substitute members, or otherwise change the composition of the team, after the end of the Competition. Furthermore, a Contestant that is part of a team understands and agrees that if his or her team is selected to receive a prize, each Contestant on the team is responsible for ensuring the prize is appropriately distributed to each member of the team. Finally, in order to remain eligible to win a prize, the team and each member of that team must satisfy the eligibility requirements in these rules, including the submission of a Contest Prize Validation Agreement (as defined below); if one member of the team does not comply with these Rules or is disqualified, the team as a whole will be disqualified.

2. Colony encourages entries from businesses and other legal entities. If an Entry is submitted on behalf of a Business Entity, the Contestant(s) submitting the Entry hereby certifies to Colony that (1) the appropriate authorisation from the corporate officers, executives, managers or other required persons or group has been obtained, (2) the individual Contestants are in some manner legally associated with the Business Entity, and (3) the individual accepting the Rules on behalf of the Business Entity is authorised to legally bind the Business Entity. A Business Entity Contestant submitting an Entry shall be legally bound by these Rules by the act of the Contestant(s) acting on its behalf. Each Contestant associated with or submitting an Entry for or on behalf of a Business Entity acknowledges and agrees that if the Contestant enters the Competition without obtaining the requisite authorisation, Colony may, in its sole discretion, disqualify the Contestant and the Business Entity and any submitted Entry. Finally, if a Business Entity is selected to receive a Prize, a corporate officer or other authorised person entitled to bind the Business Entity will be required to execute and deliver the Contest Prize Validation Agreement (as defined below) on behalf of the Business Entity.

COMPETITION ENTRIES: A submission into the Competition by a Contestant must satisfy the following requirements in order to qualify as an "Entry" for the Competition:

1. Each complete Entry must be submitted by 11:59 pm GMT on June 24th, 2018 (the "Competition Entry Deadline").

2. Entries must be submitted as follows: Contestants must submit the project by opening a pull request to the colonyHackathon repository. Pull Requests are considered your ‘official’ submission to the hackathon, and they must be made before the deadline.

3. Each Contestant must provide the information required for their Entry into the Competition, including a valid working email address or GitHub account. The contact person for the Competition for such Entry will be the authorised account holder of the email address provided at the time of Entry. The "authorised account holder" is the natural person assigned to an email address by the provider of such email service. (Please note the provisions of these Rules relating to Colony’s collection and use of submitted information, below.)

4. The Entry must be an original work of the Contestant that uses the Colony Javascript Library or the Colony Network. Entries must be an original work of the Contestant. Any determination as to whether an application is ineligible under this section of the Rules will be made by Colony in its sole discretion and will be final and binding.

5. Entries must include an open source license that conforms to the [Open Source Definition](https://opensource.org/osd).

6. No application (even different versions of the same application) may be submitted more than once.

7. An application that contains (1) sexual, violent, abusive, harassing, offensive or insulting content, (2) enables or promotes any illegal activity or (3) infringes any other party’s legal rights will be disqualified. All determinations regarding compliance with these content policies or any disqualification hereunder will be made at Colony’s sole discretion and will be final and binding.

JUDGING: After the Competition Entry Deadline, all eligible Entries will be subject to judging in order to determine remainder of the prizes.

1.  The judges for the Competition shall consist of a panel of Colony employees and others selected by Colony (the "Judges").

2. The Judges shall be asked to consider the following four (4) equally-weighted criteria when assessing each Entry and voting:

    1. Functionality: How well is your application functioning? 

    2. Creativity: Is your application creative and unique given other projects available? 

    3. Difficulty: How ambitious of a project was this to create? 

    4. Design: Is the UI intuitive and final project polished? 

The judging criteria are to be applied in the sole discretion of Sponsor and the individual Judges. By entering the Competition, Contestants acknowledge that evaluations of the criteria above may differ between individual Judges and agree to be bound by and not challenge the final decisions of Sponsor and the individual Judges. The decision of the Judges is final and binding.

PRIZES AND CONDITIONS TO AWARDING PRIZES:

1. Winners will be notified on June 29th, 2018 via email. The names of the winners will be posted on "Colony’s Medium Page" (https://medium.com/@colony) once each winner’s eligibility has been confirmed.

2. The winners of the Competition will be announced on June 29th, 2018 at 5:00 pm GMT, and will be awarded the following prizes: 10,000 DAI awarded for first Prize; 5,000 DAI awarded to second Prize; 2,000 DAI awarded to third Prize; 1,000 DAI each awarded to fourth, fifth and sixth place and 500 DAI each awarded to the next ten runner ups. 

3. All Prizes are contingent on Contestant's compliance with these Rules.

4. Colony is not responsible for decisions on the division or distribution of any Prize among or between team members or Business Entities. Instead, the decision on how to distribute or divide any Prize among individual team members or within Business Entities is the sole responsibility of the participating team or Business Entity. Each Contestant hereby expressly waives any claim they may have against Colony relating to the division of any Prize among team members or Business Entities and expressly agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Colony from and against any and all claims relating to such allocation of Prizes and agrees that Colony may offset against the amount of any Prize to be awarded the amount of costs incurred by Colony, including any legal or other professional fees, arising from or relating to any such claim or dispute.

5. The payment to potential Prize recipients is subject to the express requirement that the Contestant submit to Colony all documentation requested by Colony to permit it to comply with all applicable tax reporting and withholding requirements. Any Prize will be net of any taxes Colony may be required to withhold (and Colony may rely upon the advice of its accountants to determine withholding, which decision shall be final and binding) and any fees incurred in processing the transaction. The winning Contestant(s) shall be responsible for ensuring compliance with all the applicable tax laws and filing requirements and the payment of all taxes that may be assessed against the Contestant on account of their receipt of a Prize. If a Contestant fails to comply with the requirements of these Rules, the right to receive the Prize may be forfeited, and Colony may, in its sole discretion, select an alternative Prize recipient.

6. Actual odds of winning depend on the number of eligible entries received. Colony cannot accurately predict the number of Entries into the Competition.

CONTEST PRIZE VALIDATION AGREEMENT: 

All Contestants who are selected to receive a Prize may be required, at the sole discretion of the Sponsor, to complete and enter into a Contest Prize Validation Agreement or other documents prior to being identified as a winner or receiving a Prize. The Contest Prize Validation Agreement will contain (i) an affidavit as to the requirements for eligibility in the Competition, (ii) a publicity release providing Colony the right to use the Contestant’s name or likeness on Colony websites and in related media promoting Colony, including the Competition, (iii) an indemnification agreement relating to any breach of warranties made by Contestant under these Rules and (iv) such other provisions that may be required to comply with laws applicable to the awarding of the Prize, including tax requirements ("Contest Prize Validation Agreement"). If a team or Business Entity is selected as a potential Prize recipient, all members of the team or a person with the authority to bind the Business Entity, must enter into the Contest Prize Validation Agreement, which will also provide how the Prize should be delivered. Failure to comply with this requirement or to submit any of these documents within the time period specified in an email from Colony providing the Contest Prize Validation Agreement may mean that the Entry will no longer be eligible to win the applicable Prize and Colony may, in its sole discretion, select an alternative Contestant to receive the Prize.

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS: As between Colony and the Contestant, the Contestant retains ownership of all intellectual property rights in and to the Entry, including without limitation the right to offer and distribute the application commercially, except for the license rights granted in these Rules. In order for an application to be eligible as an Entry, each Contestant submitting the application must, and hereby does, grant Colony a perpetual, irrevocable, worldwide, free and non-exclusive license to (i) use, reproduce, publicly perform and publicly display the material that Contestant submits to this Competition for the purposes of allowing Colony to use, test and evaluate the Entry for purposes of the Competition, to administer the technical and other requirements of the Competition, and to advertise, display, demonstrate or otherwise promote the Competition and Colony. Contestants hereby specifically agrees that Colony shall have the right to use, reproduce, publicly perform and publicly display the Entry in connection with the advertising and promotion of the Competition and Colony via communication to the public or other groups, including, without limitation, the right to make screenshots, animations and video clips available for promotional purposes. Contestant also hereby grants to the Judges a limited, non-exclusive, free and worldwide license to install, perform, display and use the Entry on any compatible computing device. Contestant may not charge a fee for the download of an Entry by Colony or the Judges.

PUBLICITY RELEASE: Each Contestant hereby grants Colony the right to use, publicly display, publish and reproduce, for all purposes, including publicity, promotion and advertising, in any media, online or offline, Contestant’s name, city, state and country of residence, voice, photograph, likeness and image, including any video and other images and audio files submitted by Contestant or obtained by Colony, and create, use, publish and reproduce derivative works thereof (collectively, "Publicity Materials"). Contestant hereby waives any right Contestant may have to inspect or approve the Publicity Materials, as used in connection with the Competition or any related advertising, and any and all right to receive compensation of any kind on account of such use based on claims of the Contestant as to the rights of privacy, publicity, notoriety or any other rights arising out of or relating to any use by Colony of the Contestant’s name, likeness or appearance, or the content of their Entry.

ENTRY INFORMATION;

PRIVACY AND PUBLICITY.

1. Each Contestant agrees that personal data entered during submission of an Entry for the Competition, including name, email address, and, if applicable, team or Business Entity may be processed, stored and otherwise used for the purposes and within the context of the Competition. By submitting an Entry in the Competition, each Contestant expressly agrees to the transmission, processing and storage of this personal data in the United Kingdom for the purposes of running and promoting the Competition and the winners of Prizes. By accepting a Prize, a Contestant (including each member of a team or Business Entity) agrees and consents to Colony and its agencies’ use of the Contestant’s name and/or likeness to identify the party submitting the Prize-winning Entry during and for a reasonable time after completion of the Competition in promotional and advertising materials of Colony (and its partners, contractors and agents) as a winner of the Competition, without additional compensation, unless prohibited by law. Each Contestant hereby acknowledges the collection, distribution and retention of personal data described herein and, accordingly, each Contestant, by registering and/or submitting an Entry, consents to such collection, retention and use of their personal data.

2. Each Contestant also understands this data may be used by Colony in order to verify a Contestant's identity and eligibility to receive a Prize in the event a Contestant is chosen to potentially receive a Prize. Each Contestant has the right to access, review, rectify or cancel any personal data held by Colony in connection with the Competition by writing to Colony at the address listed below. If a Contestant does not provide the data required at submission of an Entry, that Contestant will be ineligible.

3. For residents of the European Union: Pursuant to EU law pertaining to data collection and processing, you are informed that:

(a) The data controller is Colony and the data recipients are Colony and its partners, contractors and agents;
(b) Your data is collected for purposes of administration of the Competition;
(c) This data will be maintained in accordance with the Colony Terms as set forth here - [https://colony.io/terms/](https://colony.io/terms/); and
(d) You have a right of access to and withdrawal of your personal data. You also have a right of opposition to the data collection, under certain circumstances. To exercise such right, you must write to: Colony Hackathon 2018, 3 Butler House, 49-51 Curtain Road, London, United Kingdom EC2A 3PT 

WARRANTY AND INDEMNITY: 

Each Contestant, by registering and submitting any Entry, warrants that their Entry information is accurate and that that they are the sole and exclusive owner and/or authorised licensee of all rights in and to the content of their submitted Entry, that no third parties will make any challenges or claims as to ownership or fraud, and that they have the right to submit the Entry in the Competition and grant all required licenses under these Rules. Each Contestant warrants that the Contestant has not submitted any Entry that (1) infringes any third party proprietary rights, intellectual property rights, industrial property rights, personal or moral rights or any other rights including, without limitation, copyright, trademark, patent, trade secret or confidentiality obligations; or (2) otherwise violates applicable laws of England and Wales or the law of the Contestant's country of residence.

1. To the maximum extent permitted by law, each Contestant indemnifies and agrees to keep indemnified Colony at all times from and against any liability, claims, demands, losses, damages, costs and expenses resulting from any act, default or omission of the Contestant and/or a breach of any warranty set forth herein. To the maximum extent permitted by law, each Contestant agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Colony and the Judges, their affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against any and all claims, actions, suits or proceedings, as well as any and all losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees) arising out of or relating to (a) any material uploaded or otherwise provided by the Contestant that infringes any copyright, trademark, trade secret, trade dress, patent or other intellectual property right of any person or defames any person or violates their rights of publicity or privacy, (b) any misrepresentation made by the Contestant in connection with the Competition; (c) any non-compliance by the Contestant with these Rules; and (d) claims brought by persons or entities other than the parties to these Rules arising from or related to the Contestant's involvement with the Competition. To the extent permitted by law, Contestant agrees to hold of Colony, its respective directors, officers, employees and assigns harmless for any injury or damage caused or claimed to be caused by participation in the Competition and/or use or acceptance of any Prize. Colony is not responsible for any claims or disputes between one Contestant and any other Contestant regarding the ownership of the Entry or the content within the Entry. Colony may disqualify any individual Contestant, Business Entity or team, without recourse and in its sole discretion, if any such claim or dispute arises. In addition, each Contestant hereby agrees that if any such claim or dispute arises, Colony may reduce the amount of any Prize awarded to the Contestants who submitted the Entry by the reasonable amount of any expenses and any costs or damages (including settlement payments) made by Colony in connection therewith.

2. Any false information provided within the context of the Competition by any Contestant including information concerning identity, email address or ownership of right, or non-compliance with these Rules, or the like may result in the immediate elimination of the Contestant from the Competition. Colony further reserves the right to disqualify any Entry that it believes in its sole and unfettered discretion infringes upon or violates the rights of any third party, otherwise does not comply with these Rules or violates the laws of England and Wales or applicable local law in Contestant's country of residence.

3. NETWORKS: Colony is not responsible for electronic transmission errors resulting in omission, interruption, deletion, defect, delay in operations or transmission, including, without limitation, any delay or failure of delivery of any notice or other communications concerning the Competition or any Entry or award or delivery of any Prize. Colony is not responsible for theft or destruction or unauthorised access to or alterations of Entry materials, or for technical, network, telephone equipment, electronic, computer, hardware or software malfunctions or limitations of any kind. Colony is not responsible for inaccurate transmissions of or failure to receive Entry information by Colony on account of technical problems or traffic congestion on the Internet or at any Web site or any combination thereof. If for any reason the Competition is not capable of running as planned, including without limitation infection by computer virus, bugs, tampering, unauthorised intervention, fraud, technical failures or any other causes which corrupt or affect the administration, security, fairness, integrity or proper conduct of the Competition, Colony reserves the right at its sole discretion to cancel, terminate, modify or suspend the Competition. Each Contestant who registers for the Competition will receive email notification of any such action. Colony further reserves the right to disqualify any Contestant who tampers with the submission process, the voting or any other part of the Competition. Any attempt by a Contestant to deliberately damage any Web site or undermine the legitimate operation of the Competition is a violation of criminal and civil laws and should such an attempt be made, Colony reserves the right to seek damages from any such Contestant to the fullest extent of the applicable law.

WAIVER:

**Each Contestant should please read the following carefully before agreeing to take part in the Hackathon event.**

EACH CONTESTANT BY REGISTERING AND SUBMITTING AN ENTRY AGREES TO THE FOLLOWING WAIVER OF ITS RIGHTS

1.	Each Contestant agrees that its participation in the Competition carries with it certain risks that cannot be eliminated completely without changing the challenging nature of the Competition, and each Contestant confirms that it fully understands the risks involved in the Competition, that it is voluntarily assuming such risks and that its participation in the Competition is entirely at the Contestant’s own risk.

2.	Each Contestant confirms that it is in good health and proper physical condition to safely participate in the Competition, and that it is the responsibility of the Contestant to continuously monitor its own physical and mental condition during the Event, and each Contestant agrees to withdraw immediately from the Competition and to notify Colony if at any point its continued participation would create a risk of danger to the Contestant or others. 

3.	Each Contestant covenants not to make any claim or action for losses, costs, expenses and damages including legal fees and related expenses (‘Claim’) against Colony and its affiliates and its or their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and contractors (‘Released Parties’) and hereby waives and releases Colony and the other Released Parties from any and all Claims that it may have arising out of its participation in the Competition, including but not limited to any Claim in respect of personal injury and Claim resulting from damage to, loss of, or theft of my property during the Competition.

4.	Each Contestant confirms that it understands that Colony does not exclude or limit in any way its liability to any Contestant where it would be unlawful to do so. 

5.	Each Contestant agrees to indemnify Colony and any Released Party in respect of any Claim made by or on behalf of the Contestant or anyone connected in any way to the Contestant and any Claims of co-participants and others arising from the conduct of the Contestant in the course of its participation in the Competition. 

6.	The Contestant understands and agrees that this waiver is intended to be as broad and inclusive as is lawfully permitted and that if any court or competent authority finds that any provision of this waiver is invalid, unlawful, void, or for any reason unenforceable, then that provision shall, to the extent required, be deemed to be deleted from this waiver.  In that case, the validity and enforceability of any remaining provisions of this waiver shall not be affected.

GOVERNING LAW; FORUM AND RECOURSE TO JUDICIAL PROCEDURES: These Rules shall be governed by, subject to and construed in accordance with the laws of the England and Wales, excluding all conflict of law rules. If any provision in these Rules is held to be invalid or unenforceable, such provision shall be modified to the extent legally permissible to most closely implement the intention of such provision and all other provisions hereof will remain in full force and effect. Colony reserves the right to modify these Rules at any time prior to completion of the Competition to address any legal or other requirement that may arise in connection with the Competition. Each Contestant who registers for the Competition will receive email notification of any such change in the Rules. To the extent permitted by law, the rights to litigate, seek injunctive relief or make any other recourse to judicial or any other procedure in case of disputes or claims resulting from or in connection with this Competition are hereby excluded, and all Contestants expressly waive any and all such rights.

WINNER'S LIST: You may request a list of winners after June 29th, 2018 by writing to: Colony Hackathon, 3 Butler House, 49-51 Curtain Road, London, United Kingdom EC2A 3PT 

INELIGIBLE PERSONS: The Competition is not open to any of the following persons ("Ineligible Persons"): (1) anyone who is not at least the legal age of majority, at the time of Entry, to form valid contracts in their respective country, province or state of legal residence; (2) anyone who does not satisfy any applicable legal requirements under England and Wales and other applicable jurisdictional legal requirements for participation; or (3) in, a country, state, province or territory where the laws of England and Wales or local law prohibits participating or receiving a Prize in the Hackathon. (Employees, independent contractors under a current services agreement with Colony and members of their immediate families (defined as parents, children, siblings and spouse, regardless of where they reside and/or those living in the same household of each) are not eligible to participate in the Competition.) Colony reserves the right to verify eligibility and to adjudicate on any dispute at any time and at all times Colony reserves the right at its ultimate discretion acting reasonable to designate any Contestant to be an Ineligible Person.

LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. 

YOUR PARTICIPATION IN THE COMPETITION IS AT YOUR OWN RISK. COLONY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE WITH RESPECT TO THE COMPETITION. Colony SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT OR INDIRECT DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO YOUR PARTICIPATION OR INABILITY TO PARTICIPATE IN THE COMPETITION. Colony assumes no responsibility for any computer, online, telephone transmission or technical malfunctions that may occur during participation in the Competition, or for theft, destruction or unauthorised access to, or alteration of, your Submission or any other materials submitted by you. Colony is not responsible for any incorrect or inaccurate information, whether caused by website users, Contestants or any of the equipment or programming associated with or utilized in the Competition, or for any technical or human error which may occur in the processing of submissions in the Competition. Colony assumes no responsibility for any error, interruption, defect, or delay in operation or transmission, failures or technical malfunction of the Internet, or any telephone network or lines, computer online systems, servers, computer equipment, software, email. Colony is not responsible for any injury or damage to Contestants or to any computer related to or resulting from participating or downloading materials in this Competition. Some jurisdictions may not allow certain limitations on liability and so the foregoing limitations may not apply to you.

GENERAL CONDITIONS:

1. Prizes are awarded without warranty of any kind from Colony, express or implied, without limitation, except where this would be contrary to the laws of England and Wales, or local laws or regulations. All federal, state, provincial and local laws and regulations apply. Submission of Entry into this Competition deems that Contestants agree to be bound by these Rules and by the decisions of Colony and the Judges, which are final and binding on all matters pertaining to this Competition. Under no circumstances shall the submission of an Entry in the Competition, the awarding of a Prize or anything in these Rules be construed as an offer or contract of employment with Colony. Failure to respond within any time period specified in the email notification of potential award of a Prize may result in disqualification and selection of an alternate Prize recipient. A Contestant may be prohibited from participating in this Competition if, in either Colony's sole discretion, either reasonably believes that the Contestant has attempted to undermine the legitimate operation of the Competition by cheating, deception or other unfair voting or other practices or annoys, abuses, threatens or harasses any other Contestants, Colony, or the Judges.

2. You acknowledge and understand that Colony, its business partners and others may independently develop applications that may be similar to or identical to your Entry in terms of idea, functionality or in other respects. You agree that you will not be entitled to any rights in, or compensation in connection with, any such similar or identical applications and/or ideas as a result of your submission of any application or description of any application in a video or other submission or communications with Colony. You acknowledge that you have submitted your Entry voluntarily and not in confidence or in trust. You acknowledge that no confidential, fiduciary, agency or other relationship or implied-in-fact contract now exists between you and Colony and that no such relationship is established by your Entry in the Competition or any submission of an Entry to Colony under these Rules.

3. You acknowledge that Entries may be subject to United Kingdom export and import laws, regardless of location or nationality. You agree to comply with all applicable export and import controls, and any export laws applicable in your country of residence. You warrant that all of your Entries are authorised for import into, and export from, the United Kingdom under these laws.

